Add Blog Post for KEP-3202 beta (CVE feed) (#39644)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2023-04-04-Updates-to-the-Auto-refreshing-Official-CVE-Feed/index.md

---
layout: blog 
title: Updates to the Auto-refreshing Official CVE Feed
date: 2023-04-04
slug: k8s-cve-feed-beta
---

**Author**: Cailyn Edwards (Shopify)

Since launching the [Auto-refreshing Official CVE feed](/docs/reference/issues-security/official-cve-feed/) as an `alpha`

> feature in the 1.25 release we have made signficant improvments and updates. We are excited to announce the release of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature in the 1.25 release, we have made significant improvements and updates. We are excited to announce the release of the
```

> `beta` version of the feed. This blog post will outline the changes made, and talk about what is planned for the to expect for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`beta` version of the feed. This blog post will outline the changes made, and talk about what is planned for
```

| 3 | CVE Feed: Add Prow job link as a metadata field | [kubernetes/sig-security#71](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-security/issues/71) | open, no PR open |
| 4 | CVE Feed: Add lastUpdatedAt as a metadata field | [kubernetes/sig-security#72](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-security/issues/72) | open, addressed by [kubernetes/sig-security#76](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-security/pull/76) |
| 5 | CVE Feed: JSON feed should pass jsonfeed spec validator | [kubernetes/webite#36808](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/36808) | open, addressed by [kubernetes/sig-security#76](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-security/pull/76) |
| 6 | CVE Feed: Include a timestamp field for each CVE indicating when it was last updated | [kubernetes/sig-security#63](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-security/issues/63) | open, no PR |
| 7 | CVE Feed: Sort Markdown Table from most recent to least recently announced CVE | [kubernetes/sig-security#73](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-security/issues/73) | open, no PR |

## Summary of Changes
TODO - add details of changes

## What's Next?

> In preparation to graduate this feature, SIG Security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In preparation for the graduation of this feature, SIG Security
```

---
layout: blog
title: Updates to the Auto-refreshing Official CVE Feed

> date: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
date: 2023-04-25
```
Please also change the file path to match the new date.
